SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 1 (#408)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/essentials/extend-the-graphql-schema.md

---
id: extend-the-graphql-schema
title: Extend the GraphQL schema
description:
  When developing an e-commerce store, you might at some point need to expose new data in your unified GraphQL schema to support new features and allow frontend developers to use them.

>   Front-Commerce’s GraphQL modules  is the mechanism allowing to extend and override any part of the schema defined by other modules.

Reviewer: Same comment for multiline descriptions 🔁

Author: Done. Thanks.

---

> Front-Commerce’s core and platforms integrations (such as Magento2) are implemented as GraphQL modules. They leverage features from the GraphQL Schema Definition Language (<abbr title="Schema Definition Language">SDL</abbr>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Front-Commerce core and platform integrations (such as Magento2) are implemented as GraphQL modules. They leverage features from the GraphQL Schema Definition Language (<abbr title="Schema Definition Language">SDL</abbr>).
```
